go out
I listen to my brother
Since I met Jiang Caicai
You are getting colder and colder to me
My attitude towards you has always been the same
Brother Sanctuary
What did I do wrong? You're doing this to me?
Doudou, he is obviously the child born by me through hard work
You actually let him live with Jiang Caicai
And call him Mommy Ming
Ming I am his mommy
I'll tell you what.
These few years
I have always made you my honorary girlfriend
Gave you the position of director of clothing at Story Group
I have all the material conditions you want
I have paid all your kindness
So you have no right to question what I did
Do you like Jiangsu cuisine?
Is it related to you?
Please go out and don't be busy.
Jiang Caicai, don't think you won
I have ways to make my court hate you
Just now
Our team
Designed clothing designs for three months
Known by the opponent
There must be a leak here
Who did it?
Stand up for yourself
Director Jiang
We are all old employees of Story Group.
How could it be leaked?
Ah, yeah!
Director Jiang's project this time
We all put a lot of effort into it.
Impossible and reluctant to leak?
Oh.
That's what the new hire does.